If you're anything like me it is a great struggle for you to pick Nice colors for your next project.
And while there are many great options out there and all of them essentially do the same thing that
is offer you a color palette.
I'll show you coolers which I use the most.
As always this is subjective so if you like some other resource no hard feelings and the way it works
is we're gonna have to visit coolers dot com.
And if you're looking at your URL This is just gonna be basically see.
And then to always and then again l o r s and then we're looking for dots.
Now the moment we visit the site we notice that we're getting this interface.
And on the home screen we see this button.
Start the generator.
It's free so we can just click on it.
Have no fear they're not going to charge you anything.
Then this is gonna load up the generator and now we're getting the color palette.
Now let's say it starts here with a black one and obviously you can see this greenish yellowish or whatever.
Now you can pick all these colors or let's say you just some more so you'll have to press the spacebar
and now it spits back another set of colors.
And I can go endlessly here with the spacebar and you understand the idea that this is just gonna give
us each and every time a new color palette.
Now let's say if I like this green bluish color I can just click on it and notice it says here lock.
And again we can test some more.
And let's say this is going to give me the matching color.
Now I think this is gonna match with this guy.
Okay I can test some more colors again with the spacebar and I can go on and on and on.
Now on the bottom right now we already know what are the hex colors.
So we can just copy and paste this value and then we can head over back to our tech center and let's
say for a color I'm gonna pick this guy.
Notice that it doesn't come with the hex value actual hash tag.
So I'm going to leave the hash tag.
Once I delete the old color let me copy and paste it once we're gonna save it.
Right now my color is gonna be this greenish.
If we would like to let's say change our background to this guy the part of one I'm going to copy the
value I'm going to head over.
Back to text editor and let's say here for the background again with a hashtag we're just gonna add
the background color.
Now normally what you're can do is you're gonna get all these colors up here on top of the C assess
and then organize later on.
Learn how to use the C assist variables and how we are using them.
Most likely you're not going to be jumping back and forth for each and every element and getting the
colors but the main idea is if you'd like to pick some kind of nice colors that actually go together.
You would be looking for some kind of external resource.
And the one that I like to use is the colors that you.